Add `/docs` project to installation instructions (#2429)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/guide.md

pkg> add Documenter
```

> It is generally recommended to install Documenter into a documentation-specific project stored
> in the `/docs` subdirectory of your package. To do this, navigate to your package's root folder
> and do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For package documentation, the standard approach is to install Documenter into a documentation-specific project stored in the `docs/` subdirectory of your package.
To do this, navigate to your package's root folder and do
```

```

> pkg> activate docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pkg> activate docs/
```

(docs) pkg> add Documenter
```

> This will create `Project.toml` and `Manifest.toml` files in the `/docs` subdirectory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create `Project.toml` and `Manifest.toml` files in the `docs/` subdirectory. 

Note that for packages, you also likely need to have your package that you are documenting as a  ["dev dependency"](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/managing-packages/#developing) of the `docs/` environment.

See also [the Pkg.jl documentation on working with project environments](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/environments/).
```
